now Samuel said to all Israel
now Samuel said to all Israel indeed I have heeded your voice in all
indeed I have heeded your voice in all
indeed I have heeded your voice in all that you said to me and have made a king
that you said to me and have made a king
that you said to me and have made a king over you and now here is the King
over you and now here is the King
over you and now here is the King walking before you and I am old and
walking before you and I am old and
walking before you and I am old and grey-headed and look my sons are with
grey-headed and look my sons are with
grey-headed and look my sons are with you I have walked before you from my
you I have walked before you from my
you I have walked before you from my childhood to this day Here I am witness
childhood to this day Here I am witness
childhood to this day Here I am witness against me before the Lord and before
against me before the Lord and before
against me before the Lord and before his anointed whose ox have I taken or
his anointed whose ox have I taken or
his anointed whose ox have I taken or whose donkey have I taken or whom have I
whose donkey have I taken or whom have I
whose donkey have I taken or whom have I cheated whom have I oppressed or from
cheated whom have I oppressed or from
cheated whom have I oppressed or from whose hand have I received any bribe
whose hand have I received any bribe
whose hand have I received any bribe with which to blind my eyes I will
with which to blind my eyes I will
with which to blind my eyes I will restore it to you you have not cheated
restore it to you you have not cheated
restore it to you you have not cheated us or oppressed us nor have you taken
us or oppressed us nor have you taken
us or oppressed us nor have you taken anything from any man's hand the Lord is
anything from any man's hand the Lord is
anything from any man's hand the Lord is witness against you and is anointed his
witness against you and is anointed his
witness against you and is anointed his witness this day that you have not found
witness this day that you have not found
witness this day that you have not found anything in my hand
anything in my hand
anything in my hand he is witness it is the Lord who raised
he is witness it is the Lord who raised
he is witness it is the Lord who raised up Moses and Aaron and who brought your
up Moses and Aaron and who brought your
up Moses and Aaron and who brought your father's up from the land of Egypt
father's up from the land of Egypt
father's up from the land of Egypt now therefore stand still that I may
now therefore stand still that I may
now therefore stand still that I may reason with you before the Lord
reason with you before the Lord
reason with you before the Lord concerning all the righteous acts of the
concerning all the righteous acts of the
concerning all the righteous acts of the Lord which he did to you
Lord which he did to you
Lord which he did to you and your fathers when Jacob had gone
and your fathers when Jacob had gone
and your fathers when Jacob had gone into Egypt and your fathers cried out to
into Egypt and your fathers cried out to
into Egypt and your fathers cried out to the Lord then the Lord sent Moses and
the Lord then the Lord sent Moses and
the Lord then the Lord sent Moses and Aaron who brought your fathers out of
Aaron who brought your fathers out of
Aaron who brought your fathers out of Egypt and made them dwell in this place
Egypt and made them dwell in this place
Egypt and made them dwell in this place and when they forgot the Lord their God
and when they forgot the Lord their God
and when they forgot the Lord their God he sold them into the hand of Cesaro
he sold them into the hand of Cesaro
he sold them into the hand of Cesaro commander of the army of Hayes arm into
commander of the army of Hayes arm into
commander of the army of Hayes arm into the hand of the Philistines and into the
the hand of the Philistines and into the
the hand of the Philistines and into the hand of the king of Moab and they fought
hand of the king of Moab and they fought
hand of the king of Moab and they fought against them then they cried out to the
against them then they cried out to the
against them then they cried out to the Lord and said we have sinned because we
Lord and said we have sinned because we
Lord and said we have sinned because we have forsaken the Lord and served the
have forsaken the Lord and served the
have forsaken the Lord and served the bales and ashteroth
bales and ashteroth
bales and ashteroth but now deliver us from the hand of our
but now deliver us from the hand of our
but now deliver us from the hand of our enemies and we will serve you and the
enemies and we will serve you and the
enemies and we will serve you and the Lord sent Jeroboam beaten Jephthah
Lord sent Jeroboam beaten Jephthah
Lord sent Jeroboam beaten Jephthah and Samuel and delivered you out of the
and Samuel and delivered you out of the
and Samuel and delivered you out of the hand of your enemies on every side and
hand of your enemies on every side and
hand of your enemies on every side and you dwelt in safety and when you saw
you dwelt in safety and when you saw
you dwelt in safety and when you saw that Nash
that Nash
that Nash king of the ammonites came against you
king of the ammonites came against you
king of the ammonites came against you you said to me no but a king shall reign
you said to me no but a king shall reign
you said to me no but a king shall reign over us
over us
over us and the Lord your God was your king now
and the Lord your God was your king now
and the Lord your God was your king now therefore here is the king whom you have
therefore here is the king whom you have
therefore here is the king whom you have chosen and whom you have desired and
chosen and whom you have desired and
chosen and whom you have desired and take note if the Lord has set a king
take note if the Lord has set a king
take note if the Lord has set a king over you if you fear the Lord and serve
over you if you fear the Lord and serve
over you if you fear the Lord and serve Him and obey his voice and do not rebel
Him and obey his voice and do not rebel
Him and obey his voice and do not rebel against the commandment of the Lord then
against the commandment of the Lord then
against the commandment of the Lord then both you and the king who reigns over
both you and the king who reigns over
both you and the king who reigns over you will continue following the Lord
you will continue following the Lord
you will continue following the Lord your God however if you do not obey the
your God however if you do not obey the
your God however if you do not obey the voice of the Lord but rebel against the
voice of the Lord but rebel against the
voice of the Lord but rebel against the commandment of the Lord then the hand of
commandment of the Lord then the hand of
commandment of the Lord then the hand of the Lord will be against you as it was
the Lord will be against you as it was
the Lord will be against you as it was against your father's now therefore
against your father's now therefore
against your father's now therefore stand and see this great thing which the
stand and see this great thing which the
stand and see this great thing which the Lord will do before your eyes is today
Lord will do before your eyes is today
Lord will do before your eyes is today not the wheat harvest I will call to the
not the wheat harvest I will call to the
not the wheat harvest I will call to the Lord and he will send thunder and rain
Lord and he will send thunder and rain
Lord and he will send thunder and rain that you may perceive and see that your
that you may perceive and see that your
that you may perceive and see that your wickedness is great which you have done
wickedness is great which you have done
wickedness is great which you have done in the sight of the Lord in asking a
in the sight of the Lord in asking a
in the sight of the Lord in asking a king for yourselves
king for yourselves
king for yourselves so Samuel called to the Lord and the
so Samuel called to the Lord and the
so Samuel called to the Lord and the Lord sent thunder and rain that day and
Lord sent thunder and rain that day and
Lord sent thunder and rain that day and all the people greatly feared the Lord
all the people greatly feared the Lord
all the people greatly feared the Lord and Samuel
and Samuel
and Samuel and all the people said to Samuel pray
and all the people said to Samuel pray
and all the people said to Samuel pray for your servants to the Lord your God
for your servants to the Lord your God
for your servants to the Lord your God that we may not die for we have added to
that we may not die for we have added to
that we may not die for we have added to all our sins the evil of asking a king
all our sins the evil of asking a king
all our sins the evil of asking a king for ourselves do not fear you have done
for ourselves do not fear you have done
for ourselves do not fear you have done all this wickedness yet do not turn
all this wickedness yet do not turn
all this wickedness yet do not turn aside from following the Lord
aside from following the Lord
aside from following the Lord but serve the Lord with all your heart
but serve the Lord with all your heart
but serve the Lord with all your heart and do not turn aside
and do not turn aside
and do not turn aside for then you would go after empty things
for then you would go after empty things
for then you would go after empty things which cannot profit or deliver for they
which cannot profit or deliver for they
which cannot profit or deliver for they are nothing
are nothing
are nothing for the Lord will not forsake his people
for the Lord will not forsake his people
for the Lord will not forsake his people for his great name's sake because it has
for his great name's sake because it has
for his great name's sake because it has pleased the Lord to make you his people
pleased the Lord to make you his people
pleased the Lord to make you his people moreover as for me far be it from me
moreover as for me far be it from me
moreover as for me far be it from me that I should sin against the Lord and
that I should sin against the Lord and
that I should sin against the Lord and ceasing to pray for you that I will
ceasing to pray for you that I will
ceasing to pray for you that I will teach you
teach you
teach you and the right way only fear the Lord and
and the right way only fear the Lord and
and the right way only fear the Lord and serve him in truth with all your heart
serve him in truth with all your heart
serve him in truth with all your heart who consider what great things he has
who consider what great things he has
who consider what great things he has done for you but if you still do
done for you but if you still do
done for you but if you still do wickedly
wickedly
wickedly you shall be swept away both you and
you shall be swept away both you and
you shall be swept away both you and your king
your king
your king [Music]